Meet our Fleet Manager, logging in to the platform and landing on the Home Page, where he
gets an overview of tasks based on his role. Since he is a Fleet Manager, it shows the tasks he needs to focus on today. He can also create a task.
He goes to the Client Management page, where he can create new client and can view the client’s details, where he can see the Total Associated Fleets.
If required, he can also remove the client.
He then proceeds to Carrier Management Page where he can create a new carrier and can
view the carrier details, where Total Associated Products, details can be viewed.
If required, he can also remove the carrier.
Similarly, under Product Management, he can view all the products and can add, remove, or edit a product if required.
He views the list of products to see all product-related details and associated technical covers.
He clicks on Edit Product, where he can update product-related details, and add or remove technical covers if required.
Now, he begins with Fleet. He can create a new fleet and assign Vehicle and Driver and add multiple Coverages.
Now He proceeds with Managing the Fleet, where he can adds or remove vehicles and drivers,and Coverages if required.
He then searches for Uber, and clicks on the View Fleet icon for Uber East Coast Fleet 2 to view the fleet details.
He now clicks on Carrier Recommendation, where an AI-driven model predicts and recommends the best Carrier Match as per the client’s fleet requirements.
He can now add the corresponding Frame Contract from here or from the Frame Contract Management screen.
He proceeds to create a Frame Contract, where he selects:
Client Name: Uber Technologies
Carrier Name: AXA XL
Contract Type: Standard
Along with other basic details, including the AON Personnel associated with the contract,.
He fills in the Financial Terms like commission rate and other necessary details. 
and, now heads to the Matching Products & Fleets tab, where the AI-driven logic pulls the products matching the client and carrier names and other criteria.

He selects the product AXA Standard EU Medium Fleet, and the corresponding Technical Coverages appear.
He can add a new technical cover or delete one if required.
Matching Fleets also appear.
He selects one or more matching fleets and completes contract creation by clicking Create Frame Contract.
He can view all the Frame Contract details, and also edit or remove them if required.
Now, proceeds with Vehicle Management, where he can Add and Remove single Vehicle and can also Import multiple Vehicles using an AI-Driven Model which accepts files in any format and shows an Import Preview before uploading the vehicles.
He also has the option to bulk-delete vehicles.
Now, he proceeds with Driver Management where he can Add and remove single Driver and can bulk upload and bulk-delete Drivers.
He now goes to the Reporting Dashboard, as he wants to view details related to:
Profitability
Coverage Distribution
Premium Performance Reports
He also views AI Analytics that provide analytical insights like:
Profitability Forecast
Renewal Likelihood
AI-Detected Risk Indicators such as:
Whether the client is expanding in high-risk zones and the potential exposure and probability.
Financial impact and probability due to increased weather-related claims.
Potential policy cancellation rate due to new competitor offerings.
From client management to contract creation and advanced reporting, the Fleet Manager now operates with precision, insight, and speed—powered by a platform built for smarter decisions.


